okay so here we have a samsung w 240 8h
this is a samsung panel you can see that
there is some minor backlight bleed
around the edges on the top and the
right other than that it looks pretty
good we've taking a video because the
camera that we have wasn't doing it
justice and stills on the left we have a
w220 7h this is an analog handle panel
and you can see that the backlight bleed
is pretty consistent throughout the
middle and on the tops and the bottoms
whereas the Samsung panel even though it
is to interest bigger is still holding a
consistent color throughout we're going
to go through a few different wallpapers
that we've set up to demonstrate the
differences in the colors we've
calibrated both of these monitors to be
accurate using the HP my display
software that's included with monitor
here we have just a gradient from solid
black on top to solid white on bottom
again this is the 24 you can see by my
cursor that's the top it fades into
oblivion they're considering we're in a
dark room it's a pretty solid black and
then here we have the 22 the anilox
panel which is a good bit bluer in
comparison
you'll skip the next one will go on to
the our gpas here we have just an RGB
it's going to look like the Samsung
panel is faded that's because it's
blinding my camera it's extremely
extremely vivid the darker and a lots
panel is a little bit more pleasing to
the cameras I I can guarantee you though
there is a huge difference in the two
colors and the difference that you see
looking negative on the Samsung is
looking negative on the analogues to our
eyes but the red on the Samsung is
extremely bright and there's a very very
solid line I don't know if we can pick
that up yeah it looks about the same on
both in the video but there's a major
major difference I can barely stand to
look at the red and then this one was
giving us a little bit more of a
dramatic effect this is a gradient from
a red to agreeing to a blue and you can
see possibly hopefully in the video that
the gradient between the two colors for
the three colors the two gradients it is
extremely good on the Samsung panel
where as it fades to rather between
their being mid shades of red and green
and green and blue on the intellects
panel it fades to almost a grey in the
middle as opposed to whatever I don't
know if that would be an orange
and that's it